docs: apply tone guide to Customization.md (#1754)
carbon-design-system/carbon-ai-chat: packages/ai-chat/docs/Customization.md

Customize the chat UI at three levels, from quickest to deepest:

- **Configure** — set behavior and appearance through {@link PublicConfig | config} props.

> - **Restyle** — inherit or inject a Carbon theme. Override the chat's CSS custom-property tokens for color, sizing, and placement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Restyle** — inherit or inject a Carbon theme and override the chat's CSS custom-property tokens for color, sizing, and placement.
```

- **Inject your own content** — render your own markup into slots, overlay panels, message responses, and footers.

> The inject-your-own-content areas render through your framework using the {@link ChatInstance | chat instance}. Their APIs differ between [React](./React.md) and the [web component](./WebComponent.md). Check your framework's docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inject-your-own-content areas render through your framework using the {@link ChatInstance | chat instance}. Their APIs differ between [React](./React.md) and the [web component](./WebComponent.md). Be sure to refer to the documentation for your framework for implementation differences.
```

Pick the area you want to customize:

- [Theming](./Theming.md) — inherit or inject a Carbon theme and override colors.

> - [Layout](./Layout.md) — layout modes, sizing and placement tokens, the floating layout, and corner rounding.

Reviewer: idk if replacing this one is wise
